whoa - the bloody city it is all full of
whoa - the bloody city it is all full of lives and robbery its victim never
lives and robbery its victim never
lives and robbery its victim never departs the noise of a whip and the
departs the noise of a whip and the
departs the noise of a whip and the noise of rattling wheels of galloping
noise of rattling wheels of galloping
noise of rattling wheels of galloping horses of clattering chariots horsemen
horses of clattering chariots horsemen
horses of clattering chariots horsemen charge with bright sword and glittering
charge with bright sword and glittering
charge with bright sword and glittering spear there is a multitude of slain a
spear there is a multitude of slain a
spear there is a multitude of slain a great number of bodies countless corpses
great number of bodies countless corpses
great number of bodies countless corpses they stumble over the corpses because of
they stumble over the corpses because of
they stumble over the corpses because of the multitude of harlotries of the
the multitude of harlotries of the
the multitude of harlotries of the seductive harlot the mistress sorceries
seductive harlot the mistress sorceries
seductive harlot the mistress sorceries who sells nations through her harlotries
who sells nations through her harlotries
who sells nations through her harlotries and Families through her sorceries
and Families through her sorceries
and Families through her sorceries behold i am against you says the lord of
behold i am against you says the lord of
behold i am against you says the lord of hosts i will lift your skirts over your
hosts i will lift your skirts over your
hosts i will lift your skirts over your face I will show the nation's your
face I will show the nation's your
face I will show the nation's your nakedness and the kingdoms your shame
nakedness and the kingdoms your shame
nakedness and the kingdoms your shame I will cast a Bominable filth upon you
I will cast a Bominable filth upon you
I will cast a Bominable filth upon you make you vile and make you a spectacle
make you vile and make you a spectacle
make you vile and make you a spectacle it shall come to pass that all who look
it shall come to pass that all who look
it shall come to pass that all who look upon you will flee from you and say
upon you will flee from you and say
upon you will flee from you and say Nineveh is laid waste who will bemoan
Nineveh is laid waste who will bemoan
Nineveh is laid waste who will bemoan her where shall I seek comforters for
her where shall I seek comforters for
her where shall I seek comforters for you
are you better than no aimin that was
are you better than no aimin that was situated by the river that had the
situated by the river that had the
situated by the river that had the waters around her whose rampart was the
waters around her whose rampart was the
waters around her whose rampart was the sea whose wall was the sea Ethiopia and
sea whose wall was the sea Ethiopia and
sea whose wall was the sea Ethiopia and Egypt where her strength and it was
Egypt where her strength and it was
Egypt where her strength and it was boundless huh and you been with your
boundless huh and you been with your
boundless huh and you been with your helpers yet she was carried away she
helpers yet she was carried away she
helpers yet she was carried away she went into captivity her young children
went into captivity her young children
went into captivity her young children also were dashed pieces at the head of
also were dashed pieces at the head of
also were dashed pieces at the head of every street they cast lots for her
every street they cast lots for her
every street they cast lots for her honorable men and all her great men were
honorable men and all her great men were
honorable men and all her great men were bound in chains you also will be you
bound in chains you also will be you
bound in chains you also will be you will be hidden
will be hidden
will be hidden you also will seek refuge from the enemy
you also will seek refuge from the enemy
you also will seek refuge from the enemy all your strongholds are fig trees with
all your strongholds are fig trees with
all your strongholds are fig trees with ripened figs if they are shaken they
ripened figs if they are shaken they
ripened figs if they are shaken they fall into the mouths of the eater surely
fall into the mouths of the eater surely
fall into the mouths of the eater surely your people in your midst are women the
your people in your midst are women the
your people in your midst are women the gates of your land are wide open for
gates of your land are wide open for
gates of your land are wide open for your enemy's fire shall devour the bars
your enemy's fire shall devour the bars
your enemy's fire shall devour the bars of your gates draw your water for the
of your gates draw your water for the
of your gates draw your water for the siege fortify your strongholds go into
siege fortify your strongholds go into
siege fortify your strongholds go into the clay and tread the mortar make
the clay and tread the mortar make
the clay and tread the mortar make strong the brick kiln there the fire
strong the brick kiln there the fire
strong the brick kiln there the fire will devour you the sword will cut you
will devour you the sword will cut you
will devour you the sword will cut you off it will eat you up like a locust
off it will eat you up like a locust
off it will eat you up like a locust make yourself many like the locust make
make yourself many like the locust make
make yourself many like the locust make yourself many like the swarming locusts
yourself many like the swarming locusts
yourself many like the swarming locusts you have multiplied your merchants more
you have multiplied your merchants more
you have multiplied your merchants more than the stars of heaven the locust
than the stars of heaven the locust
than the stars of heaven the locust plunders and flies away your commanders
plunders and flies away your commanders
plunders and flies away your commanders are like swarming locusts and your
are like swarming locusts and your
are like swarming locusts and your generals like great grasshoppers which
generals like great grasshoppers which
generals like great grasshoppers which camp in the hedges on a cold day when
camp in the hedges on a cold day when
camp in the hedges on a cold day when the Sun rises they flee away and a place
the Sun rises they flee away and a place
the Sun rises they flee away and a place where they are is not known your
where they are is not known your
where they are is not known your Shepherds slumber o king of Assyria your
Shepherds slumber o king of Assyria your
Shepherds slumber o king of Assyria your nobles rest in the dust your people are
nobles rest in the dust your people are
nobles rest in the dust your people are scattered on the mountains and no one
scattered on the mountains and no one
scattered on the mountains and no one gathers them your injury has no healing
gathers them your injury has no healing
gathers them your injury has no healing your wound is severe all who hear news
your wound is severe all who hear news
your wound is severe all who hear news of you will clap their hands over you
of you will clap their hands over you
of you will clap their hands over you for upon whom has not your wickedness
for upon whom has not your wickedness
for upon whom has not your wickedness passed continually
passed continually
passed continually [Music]